hi my name is Hamoudi de kike today I
will be demonstrating to you how our APM
Pro product will reduce friction losses
between two rubbing medals we have this
test setup that will demonstrate this
for us firstly we're replacing a dowel
pin acting as our bearing into the
machine
it will rub against the race which will
simulate metal a metal friction we will
then be adding one weight at a time
acting as loads that will be simulating
engines we will be demonstrating how a
fully synthetic high quality motor oil
will perform in our machine we will be
using this one over here
we will be placing 15 milliliters of
this synthetic oil into the bath we will
also show the temperature at the pin
as you can see the race picks up the oil
it stopped at five weights you can see
that the pin has a pretty big scar
I have cleaned the metal surface so that
we have a fresh start point I will
repeat the test as I did before with a
regular motor oil just as we did before
I will be placing 15 milliliters of this
motor oil into the bath once again I
will be taking a temperature measurement
the race picks up the oil
it also took five weights as you can see
this car is slightly bigger than the
synthetic way
we have once again clean the Baron for a
fresh start we were using the motor oil
and adding six percent by volume of a PM
pro to the bath we will be repeating the
same test as before
we have reached all 16 weights and
they're still very quiet
now I will remove the oil bath to
simulate dry starts we will begin the
dry starts at four weights it stops at
eleven weights now I will push it to the
extreme I will use brake cleaner to
remove any residual oil on the bear I
will now add the weights one by one
the smoke you see is any leftover motor
oil that wasn't cleaned by the brake
cleaner burning off
I will now show you how the bearing
performed as you can see the scar is
very small compared to the other
synthetic motor oil and the regular
motor oil
this test demonstrates that a p.m. Pro
has bond to the surface and created a
one molecule thick layer which is
protecting the two metals from rubbing
against each other a p.m. pro will
drastically reduced drive startup where
it protects internal parts it prevents
corrosion and leaves no engine deposits
it maintains seal pliability and extends
the useful life of seals and the oil
it improves available power and
compression in your engine and it
increases your fuel economy and reduces
emissions a PM Pro has been tested in
independent labs to a number of industry
standard tests thank you for watching
for more information please visit us at
WWE